well my first time coming here to one
hour we've was a little traumatic
because I've been under a lot of stress
and my I was farming out well I don't
know if you know about hair falling out
because I don't know if you've
experienced that but it's very
uncomfortable and it really does a lot
to yourself esteem so when I came you
know I wasn't ready for what I was going
to get I didn't even realize what could
be done to my head I felt hopeless I
felt that you know I was going to have
to walk around with balding in my head
the stress had taken my hair out and it
left me really wounded and somewhat
depressed I mean women like to look good
and they like to look up for themselves
I didn't need to look good for anyone
else but I need to look good for me and
not having hair made me very
self-conscious so I took a chance and I
came and I was pleasantly surprised I
mean not only did it only take an hour
but I had a lovely hair and when I left
you know I just couldn't I kept looking
at myself in the mirror cause I weikel
and this is like my third time coming
back and the person that was when I
walked in the first day and who you seen
today is so different I have more
confidence I feel good about you know
what I'm doing and my purpose I can
concentrate on that instead of whether
or not I have hair so if you have hair
loss if you're you're struggling with
how you feel about yourself or you know
what's going on with your hair give it a
rest because once I gave my hair arrest
it has grown I have happy hair now I
love it has she told me I have happy
hair but I really believe it because
though my hair is natural underneath
this weave it's healthy and it's growing
and I no longer have balding spots it's
a little thin it may not be exactly what
I want but it's coming into itself and i
love it i love being able to give my
hair a rest and knowing that while its
resting it's going to be healthy so I
couldn't be happier with one hour we've
I couldn't he have
you